At MS Downloader, accessible from MS Downloader, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy document outlines the types of information that are collected and recorded by MS Downloader and how we use it.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, email address, and the content of the videos you download. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.

MS Downloader follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log users when they use the app. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, device type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.

How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:

Provide, operate, and maintain our app
Improve, personalize, and expand our app
Understand and analyze how you use our app
Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the app, and for marketing and promotional purposes
Send you emails
Find and prevent fraud
Log Files
MS Downloader uses log files as outlined above. These files merely log users to the app - usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, device type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.

Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other application, MS Downloader uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the app that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.

For more information on cookies, please read the "What Are Cookies" article on Cookie Consent's website.
